Updated upgrading to v1.9 guide to included parallel batch execution and added links to incremental microbatch page (#6608)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/06-upgrading-to-v1.9.md

- Simplified query design: Write your model query for a single batch of data. dbt will use your `event_time`, `lookback`, and `batch_size` configurations to automatically generate the necessary filters for you, making the process more streamlined and reducing the need for you to manage these details.
- Independent batch processing: dbt automatically breaks down the data to load into smaller batches based on the specified `batch_size` and processes each batch independently, improving efficiency and reducing the risk of query timeouts. If some of your batches fail, you can use `dbt retry` to load only the failed batches.
- Targeted reprocessing: To load a *specific* batch or batches, you can use the CLI arguments `--event-time-start` and `--event-time-end`.

> - [Automatic parallel batch execution](#parallel-batch-execution): Process multiple batches at the same time, instead of one after the other (sequentially) for faster processing of your microbatch models. dbt intelligently auto-runs batches in parallel, while also allowing you to manually override parallel execution with the `concurrent_batches` config.

Reviewer: fixing link again as there's no subsection called parallel batch execution in the guide
```suggestion
- [Automatic parallel batch execution](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch#parallel-batch-execution): Process multiple batches at the same time, instead of one after the other (sequentially) for faster processing of your microbatch models. dbt intelligently auto-detects if your batches can run in parallel, while also allowing you to manually override parallel execution with the `concurrent_batches` config.
```

- Simplified query design: Write your model query for a single batch of data. dbt will use your `event_time`, `lookback`, and `batch_size` configurations to automatically generate the necessary filters for you, making the process more streamlined and reducing the need for you to manage these details.
- Independent batch processing: dbt automatically breaks down the data to load into smaller batches based on the specified `batch_size` and processes each batch independently, improving efficiency and reducing the risk of query timeouts. If some of your batches fail, you can use `dbt retry` to load only the failed batches.
- Targeted reprocessing: To load a *specific* batch or batches, you can use the CLI arguments `--event-time-start` and `--event-time-end`.

> - [Parallel batch execution](docs/build/incremental-microbatch#parallel-batch-execution): Multiple batches are processed at the same time, instead of one after the other (sequentially) for faster processing of your microbatch models. dbt determines if a batch can run in parallel, so manual configuration is usually unnecessary. However, the `concurrent_batches` config is available as an override (not a gate), allowing you to specify whether batches should or shouldn’t be run in parallel in specific cases.

Reviewer: changing it so it's clear that this is done by dbt automatically would love @QMalcolm to triple check my interpretation though! also fixing link

```suggestion
- [Automatic parallel batch execution](#parallel-batch-execution): Process multiple batches at the same time, instead of one after the other (sequentially) for faster processing of your microbatch models. dbt intelligently auto-runs batches in parallel, while also allowing you to manually override parallel execution with the `concurrent_batches` config.
```

> For example, if you have a microbatch model with 12 batches, you can execute those batches to run in parallel. Specifically they'll run in parallel limited by the number of available threads.

Reviewer: sugg removing this as i dont think its needed in the guide and is covered in more detail in the actual microbatch doc
```suggestion
```
